T.O.S & Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Welcome to nexium.cc!

These terms and conditions outline the rules and regulations for the use of nexium’s website, located at nexium.cc.

By registering we assume you accept these terms and conditions. Do not continue to use nexium.cc if you do not agree to take all of the terms and conditions stated on this page.

The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice and all Agreements: Client and you, the person log on this website and compliant to the Company's terms and conditions.  The Company ,  Ourselves ,  We ,  Our  and  us, refers to our company.  party,  parties, or  us, refers to both the client and ourselves. All terms refer to the offer, acceptance and consideration of payment necessary to undertake the process of our assistance to the Client in the most appropriate manner for the express purpose of meeting the Client's needs in respect of provision of the Company's stated services, in accordance with and subject to, prevailing law of Netherlands. Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, capitalization and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to the same.

Cookies
We employ the use of cookies. By accessing nexium.cc, you agreed to use cookies in agreement with the nexium.cc s Privacy Policy.

Most interactive websites use cookies to let us retrieve the user's details for each visit. Cookies are used by our website to enable the functionality of certain areas to make it easier for people visiting our website. Some of our affiliate/advertising partners may also use cookies.

License
Unless otherwise stated, nexium.cc and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights for all material on nexium.cc. All intellectual property rights are reserved. You may access this from nexium.cc for your own personal use subjected to restrictions set in these terms and conditions.

You must not:

Republish material from nexium.cc
Sell, rent or sub-license material from nexium.cc
Reproduce, duplicate or copy material from nexium.cc
Redistribute content from nexium.cc
Share or sell accounts
This Agreement shall begin on the date hereof.

Hyperlinking to our Content
The following organizations may link to our Website without prior written approval:

Government agencies;
Search engines;
News organizations;
Online directory distributors may link to our Website in the same manner as they hyperlink to the Websites of other listed businesses; and
System wide Accredited Businesses except soliciting non-profit organizations, charity shopping malls, and charity fundraising groups which may not hyperlink to our website.
These organizations may link to our home page, to publications or to other Website information so long as the link: (a) is not in any way deceptive; (b) does not falsely imply sponsorship, endorsement or approval of the linking party and its products and/or services; and (c) fits within the context of the linking party's site.

We may consider and approve other link requests from the following types of organizations:

commonly-known consumer and/or business information sources;
dot.com community sites;
online directory distributors;
internet portals;
accounting, law and consulting firms; and
educational institutions and trade associations.
We will approve link requests from these organizations if we decide that: (a) the link would not make us look unfavorably to ourselves or to our accredited businesses; (b) the organization does not have any negative records with us; (c) the benefit to us from the visibility of the hyperlink compensates the absence of nexium.cc; and (d) the link is in the context of general resource information.

These organizations may link to our home page so long as the link: (a) is not in any way deceptive; (b) does not falsely imply sponsorship, endorsement or approval of the linking party and its products or services; and (c) fits within the context of the linking party's site.

If you are one of the organizations listed in paragraph 2 above and are interested in linking to our website, you must inform us by sending an email to nexium.cc. Please include your name, your organization name, contact information as well as the URL of your site, a list of any URLs from which you intend to link to our Website, and a list of the URLs on our site to which you would like to link. Wait 2-3 weeks for a response.

Approved organizations may hyperlink to our Website as follows:

By use of our corporate name; or
By use of the uniform resource locator being linked to; or
By use of any other description of our Website being linked to that makes sense within the context and format of content on the linking party's site.
No use of nexium.cc s logo or other artwork will be allowed for linking absent a trademark license agreement.

iFrames
Without prior approval and written permission, you may not create frames around our Webpages that alter in any way the visual presentation or appearance of our Website.

Content Liability
We shall not be held responsible for any content that appears on your Website. You agree to protect and defend us against all claims that are rising on your Website. No link(s) should appear on any Website that may be interpreted as libelous, obscene or criminal, or which infringes, otherwise violates, or advocates the infringement or other violation of, any third party rights.

Your Privacy
Please read Privacy Policy below

Reservation of Rights
We reserve the right to request that you remove all links or any particular link to our Website. You approve to immediately remove all links to our Website upon request. We also reserve the right to amen these terms and conditions and it s linking policy at any time. By continuously linking to our Website, you agree to be bound to and follow these linking terms and conditions.

Removal of links from our website
If you find any link on our Website that is offensive for any reason, you are free to contact and inform us any moment. We will consider requests to remove links but we are not obligated to or so or to respond to you directly.

We do not ensure that the information on this website is correct, we do not warrant its completeness or accuracy; nor do we promise to ensure that the website remains available or that the material on the website is kept up to date.

Disclaimer
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude all representations, warranties and conditions relating to our website and the use of this website. Nothing in this disclaimer will:

limit or exclude our or your liability for death or personal injury;
limit or exclude our or your liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;
limit any of our or your liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law; or
exclude any of our or your liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.
The limitations and prohibitions of liability set in this Section and elsewhere in this disclaimer: (a) are subject to the preceding paragraph; and (b) govern all liabilities arising under the disclaimer, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort and for breach of statutory duty.

We will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature. By joining our community you understand and accept the risks associated with video game enhancement.

Privacy Policy

Your privacy is important to us. It is nexium.cc's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website, nexium.cc, and other sites we own and operate.

In order to provide a service to you and protect ourselves from account and or subscription sharing, nexium may collect and store personal information about you and your computer. We collect it by fair and lawful means, the data we process may include the following:

Your registration details

Information about your computers hardware and OS configuration

Applications running alongside our software and their contents

IP addresses

We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.

We don't share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.

Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.

You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some or all of your desired services.

Your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us.

